*: add the description of `alter-primary-key` (#1792)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/sql/statements/create-index.md

* `FULLTEXT`, `HASH` and `SPATIAL` indexes are not supported.
* Descending indexes are not supported (similar to MySQL 5.7).

> * Adding a `PRIMARY KEY` to a table is not supported by default, however, you can set the `alter-primary-key` to `true` to enable the feature. For more details, see [alter-primary-key](/dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/configuration-file.md#alter-primary-key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding the primary key constraint to a table is not supported by default. You can enable the feature by setting the `alter-primary-key` configuration item to `true`. For details, see [alter-primary-key](/dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/configuration-file.md#alter-primary-key).
```
